Improved Devops Roadmap. (#6998)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/devops/content/dns@Vu955vdsYerCG8G6suqml.md

# DNS

> DNS (**D**omain **N**ame **S**ystem) is the phonebook of the Internet. Humans access information online through domain names, like `nytimes.com` or `espn.com.` Web browsers interact through Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. DNS translates domain names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS (Domain Name System) is the phonebook of the Internet. Humans access information online through domain names, like `nytimes.com` or `espn.com.` Web browsers interact through Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. DNS translates domain names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources.
```
